**Date**: Dec. 14, 2020

# Recap
- LTI integration will be put on hold for now to focus on other aspects. 
  - There is a lot to do for this and there will already be a lot to figure out.
  - I believe the LTI for RL will be worked on over spring, which may bring additional functionality that may help integrating at a later date.
  - The system should still be usable without LTI.

# Next Steps
- We need to work through the processes we will use to use it within CIS233DA so we can develop the repos, etc. appropriately.
  - Development should start after the new year.
- What we need to test:
  - [ ] Providing unique acceptance links to students on a per section basis.
    - Idea 1 (plan a)- have adjuncts post the links in course announcements; discuss with Kerrie about the weekly scheduling of assignments.
    - Idea 2 (plan b - if dev time is available) - If possible to determine what section a student is in, provide dynamic links. (May not be possible in CA; potentially a proxy to go back to RL to feed appropriate URL.) Cannot do it in iframe.    - 
  - [ ] Process on setting up Classroom for each new section. Potentially automate some of it.
  - [ ] Go through student experience to determine what may go wrong.
  - [ ] How adjuncts will identify students in Classrooms vs. RL roster.
  - [ ] How adjuncts will grade assignments.
  
# What do we need
- CourseArc needs
  - Create dummy lessons within the CIS233DA course to play around with. (Gordon)

## For Future Discussion
- RioLearn
  - Dummy sections with adjuncts students
- GitHub
  - Template repos
  - Classroom setup
- Accounts
  - I created a GH account for CIS.Lead, could potentially be used later by our Lead Faculty. Can be used to help test.

## Testing checklists
1. <label><input type="checkbox"> Task item 1</label>
2. <label><input type="checkbox"> Task item 2</label>
