**Date**: Dec. 3, 2020

# Agenda
* Recap of work done - See [GitHub Implementation Project](https://github.com/rsc-demo/ImplementationDocs/projects/1)
  * 2 new orgs were created for the Computer Technology department and for using in the CIS233DA development
    * [rsc-computer-technology](https://github.com/rsc-computer-technology)
    * [rsc-cis233da-in-v8](https://github.com/rsc-cis233da-in-v8)
    * **Who needs access?** You can go to the org's homepage by clicking the links above to accept the invitation if you have not done so already.
  * Naming Conventions document created and **ready for review** and comments before final approval.
    * See [Naming Conventions Best Practices Pull Request](https://github.com/rsc-demo/ImplementationDocs/pull/7) for review and discussion. Look under the **Files Changed** tab for the content.
    * If changes to org naming convention is made, I can rename the orgs to match before work in them begins.
  * Write up documentation for students in Testing/Review phase.
    * The tutorials are in [CourseArc](https://riosalado.coursearc.com/content/cis-public/using-git-and-github/vs-code). Amy started to review. 
  * Found "bug" that will impact workflows - branch histories are not retained when student repos are created from template repo.
* Up Next - Test Implementation into Course
  * Next step is to test implement a course to make sure we flesh out processes and resolve an issues.
  * Things we need to test for CIS233DA:
    1. Roster and LTI integration - how does the syncing work for keeping rosters up to date over the semester
       * Long - Can RL service accounts (e.g., CIS.Lead) be used as students? Or will there be potential problems with Perception, etc.?
    2. Classroom and Assignment setup
    3. Integration between RL, CA, GH
       * Student assignment acceptance process
       * Student assignment submission, adjunct grading
       * Practice Activity setup - integrate/use GitHub to store activity resources?
         * In future, could use GH actions to auto-grade and provide immediate feedback to students.
         * IDEA - Have a repo in dept. org that is blank for students to store all PA files, but link directions to other repo. The issue is needing to address live changes to the PA steps and branch histories breaking when copied.
