**Date:** Nov 12, 2020

# Agenda
* Demo Project Board
  * To test out how boards work. See if they'll be useful in courses. See if Media would like to use them.
  * Also to help us keep track of ideas and their status.
* Demo Issues 
  * Created to have offline discussions about topics
* Discuss Organization structure
 * One org for the dept.
 * Student org - How to structure?
   * Do one org for the course level aligned with the course master - version #; modality; specialty code.
* Discuss naming convention practices
 * Include term since section numbers can be reused.
 * Include the section number.
* Discuss implementation needs, testing, process
 * Figure out how to get links to students for unique links for sections/assignments

# To Test
* How students will submit assignments:
  * Option 1 - Students do work in development branch, then create and merge pull request to submit. Will trigger feedback pull request note to instructor.
  * Option 2 - Students do work in main branch and add comment to Feedback pull request to indicate it is ready for grading.
    * Instructors will get emails for comments and commits, which can lead to a lot of emails. But could be nice as they can see that the student is doing work and when.
    * Instructors may be able to control types of notifications via the account settings.
* Can students add people to the repo to share?
  * Looks like they can.

# Next Steps
1. Murray - ask Monica about including CP, loop in Michael Lowery.
2. Patrick - set up meeting, with Long, to discuss testing phase.
